1003 Docket Alert PDF link redirection to local document if it's available or PACER if it's not (#2131)
freelawproject/courtlistener: cl/alerts/templates/docket_alert_email.txt

{% for de in new_des %}{% for rd in de.recap_documents.all %}Document Number: {{ de.entry_number }}
Date Filed: {{ de.date_filed|date:"M j, Y"|default:'Unknown' }}
{% if rd.description %}{{ rd.description|safe|wordwrap:80 }}{% else %}{{ de.description|default:"Unknown docket entry description"|safe|wordwrap:80 }}{% endif %}{% if rd.document_number %}{% if rd.filepath_local %}
Download PDF from RECAP: {{ rd.filepath_local.url }}{% else %}

> Download PDF from RECAP if it's available: https://www.courtlistener.com{{ rd.get_absolute_url }}?redirect_to_download=True{% endif %}{% if rd.pacer_url %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download PDF from RECAP with PACER fallback: https://www.courtlistener.com{{ rd.get_absolute_url }}?redirect_to_download=True{% endif %}{% if rd.pacer_url %}
```
